Algorithm for finding and spotting reliable and investable coins/NFTs
	Get news about coins/NFTs from sources
		1. new coins
		2. existing coins
	For each Coin/NFT:
		1. if new coin:
			1. Verify there validity from verifiable sources
			2. get the current average  price of the coin from sources
			3. get the trade volume to determine if
				1. High 
				2. Low
			4. get market capacity
			5. Verify Developers of the Project from Github
			6. get number of followers the coin from Instagram, twitter and if possible number of Telegram members
			7. determine if
				1. More buys
				2. More sells
			8. Identify service or product they offer from information sources to determine if there is:
				1. A Minimum Viable Product (MVP)
				2. No Minimum Viable Product (MVP)
			9. Check to confirm name or product/service similarity with other projects
			10. determine if the activities or happenings around the product or service is
				1.  negative perceptions 
				2. positive perceptions
			11. Identify the personalities talking about the product or service associated with the coin
			12. Determine the ratio of high ranking personality to that of low ranking personalities and determine  if
					1. More high ranking
					2. More low ranking
			13. Check for service/product updates from social media and other sources:
				1. If update is available, check perceptions on the update from social media and determine whether
					1. Negative
					2. positive
				2. Do (11-12)

Coins/NFTs information sources

Verify the coins using several sources(PooCoinCharts, TokenSniffer)
Gather news from Exchanges (Coinbase, Gemini, Kraken, Crypto.com , Binance😞)
	The provide a list of new coins
Look at Data Agregators (Coingecko, CoinMarketCap): 
	Gives information on new coins, their prices, market capacity(Total fiat value of the coin in the market) and trading volume (The mount of fiat value of the coin traded)
Social Media (Twitter, Telegram, Discord):
	Look out for changes in a blockchain project or new coins by announced by the developers
	Put on notifications for using key words like (Crypto, new crypto, crypto release, new coin)
Websites: Top ICO, Smith&Crown, ICO Bench)
	They list and talk about new coins
Tools ( PooCoin Charts, TokenSniffer)
	Used to verify new the validity of any new coin identified
Defi Platforms (MakerDAO, PancakeSwap, Aave):
	They use smart contracts to implement traditional financial market operations, some of them do have coins they use within their community that can be invested in.
NFT Market Places: OpenSea, Rarible and SuperRare, TopShot
	Non-Fungible Tokens, they are digital assets that have been tokenized-Tokenization is the generation of an Alpha-numerically encoded set of charcters and the linking of set of characters to a digital asset. The NFT Marketplace lists NFT projects, their prices, market capacity, Trading volume and other information including activities of the NFT.
ICOs:
	ICO stand for Initial Coin Offering, it is a way of giving out or putting the coins to be used in a particular blockchain project's community for sale at an initial price that is very low; for first adopters of the project to make profit when the community grows and the coin become very valuable.
Crypto/NFT  Price Movements and Indication/Research and news Sources
	messari.io, CryptoRadar
Check the Development of a a coin Project from centiment.io, or github.com

Algorithm for Twitter Perception Analysis of a coin
1. The methodology will follow the steps outined below.
2. Search twitter to curate twitts with the coin or blockchain project name
3. Check each tweet handle if verified
4. Analyse each tweet to ascertain either positive or negative
5. agregate a perception summary from all tweets of verified hands hit
6. pass result to the next stage of the algorithm
